Create example snap (#1)
jpm-canonical/tf-label-image-snap: README.md

# TensorFlow Lite label image snap

> This example bundles an example TensorFlow Lite script with all the required dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This snap bundles an example TensorFlow Lite script with all the required dependencies.
```

> The base of this snap is core24, which is based on the current latest LTS release of Ubuntu, namely Ubuntu 24.04 Noble Numbat, and should provide the longest support.

Reviewer: Changing to make this not relative to the current date.
```suggestion
The base of this snap is core24, which is based on Ubuntu 24.04 LTS, with up to 12 years of support.
```

The script is based on the [TensorFlow Lite Python image classification demo](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tensorflow/lite/examples/python).

Core24 ships with Python 3.12, but TensorFlow Lite does not currently work with Python 3.12 due to dependencies that are [not yet updated](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/62003).
The most reliable combination of dependencies that work on AMD64 and ARM64 are based on Python 3.8.
This snap includes Python 3.8 from the [deadsnakes PPA](https://launchpad.net/~deadsnakes/+archive/ubuntu/ppa).

## How to use

If the app is run without any arguments, it will use the included `mobilenet v1-1.0-224` model and classify an image of [Grace Hopper](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grace_Hopper) that is included in the snap.

```
$ tf-label-image
INFO: Created TensorFlow Lite XNNPACK delegate for CPU.
0.919721: 653:military uniform
0.017762: 907:Windsor tie
0.007507: 668:mortarboard
0.005419: 466:bulletproof vest
0.003828: 458:bow tie, bow-tie, bowtie
time: 28.502ms
```

> Any other image can be specified using the `-i` argument. The snap has read access to the user's home directory, so any path under $HOME (or `~`) can be specified. Example:

Reviewer: Keep in mind that the home interface only auto connects on classic systems.

Author: Ah ok. Let's keep this in mind for now. I'll likely run into it when testing on core, at which time the readme will be updated with the correct steps to use it on core.
